docs(sem): add secret migration doc (#2192)
scaleway/docs-content: identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/api-cli/migrate-secrets-in-folders.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Migrating secrets into folders using the CLI and Go
  description: Learn how to migrate your secrets into your folders using the CLI and Go
content:
  h1: Migrating secrets into folders using the CLI and Go
  paragraph: Learn how to migrate your secrets into your folders using the CLI and Go
tags: secret-management folders migration secret-manager go sdk cli
categories:
  - identity-and-access-management
dates:
  validation: 2023-09-25
  posted: 2023-09-25
---

> This documentation shows you how to migrate your secrets into [folders](/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/concepts/#folder) using the [Scaleway CLI](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli#installation) and Go. we have created a GitHub repository that contains the code you need to create a folder and to migrate your secrets into this folder using your secrets' IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation shows you how to migrate your secrets into [folders](/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/concepts/#folder) using the [Scaleway CLI](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli#installation) and the Go programming language. we have created a GitHub repository that contains the code you need to create a folder and to migrate your secrets into this folder using your secrets' IDs.
```

I'll let you decide for this one, but maybe not everyone knows what Go is.

> This documentation shows you how to migrate your secrets into [folders](/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/concepts/#folder) using the [Scaleway CLI](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli#installation) and the Go programming language. we have created a GitHub repository that contains the code you need to create a folder and to migrate your secrets into this folder using your secrets' IDs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This documentation shows you how to migrate your secrets into [folders](/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/concepts/#folder) using the [Scaleway CLI](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli#installation) and the Go programming language. We have created a GitHub repository containing the necessary code to create the folder to which you will migrate your secrets using their IDs.
```

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion. Feel free to ignore and just Add the capital W in we :)

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
- You have a [Scaleway account](/console/my-account/how-to/create-an-account/)
- You have configured the [Scaleway CLI](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli#installation)
</Message>

1. Open a terminal and run the following command to clone the repository containing the code you need to create a folder and migrate your secrets:

    ```
    git clone git@github.com:scaleway/tutorial-sem-migration.git
    ```

2. In the same terminal, paste the following commands to export your environment variables. Make sure you add your **own variables**.

    ```
    export SCW_ACCESS_KEY=<Scaleway access key>
    export SCW_SECRET_KEY=<Scaleway secret key>
    export SCW_DEFAULT_ORGANIZATION_ID=<Scaleway default Organization>
    export SCW_DEFAULT_PROJECT_ID=<Scaleway default Project>
    export SCW_DEFAULT_REGION="fr-par"
    export SCW_API_URL="https://api.scaleway.com"
    ```

3. Use the following command to access the `tutorial-sem-migration` directory:
    ```
    cd tutorial-sem-migration
    ```

> 4. Open a Text editor of your choice and open the `main.go` file inside the `tutorial-sem-migration` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open a text editor of your choice and open the `main.go` file inside the `tutorial-sem-migration` directory.
```

5. Replace `my-folder`, lines `24`, `27`, and `34` with the name of your folder.
    <Message type="important">

>      Your folder name can only contain alphanumeric characters, dots, underscores and dashes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     Your folder name can only contain alphanumeric characters, dots, underscores, and dashes.
```
